Fix issues in mgmt guides - Closes #1044 (#1045)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/management/configuration.adoc

It is possible though, to use Lisk Core with a custom config, by specifying the path to the config file with the `--config` or `-c` flag.

The custom config file needs to follow the JSON config structure of Lisk Core.

> A simple way is to copy one of the network-specific default configs of Lisk Core, and adjust it to your needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A straightforward and easy method is to copy one of the network-specific default configs of Lisk Core and adjust it to your requirements.
```
